Please take a look at the two screenshots I've shared in screenshots/. One is a screenshot of Traktor, a program I use for creating DJ mixes, where you'll see several tracks in a playlist and two tracks loaded in the decks at the top of the view. After this you'll see in the other screenshot you'll see it's my own handwritten notes in an iPad application called, I think it's called Notability, where I've built a basic template file where I can write in information about tracks that I'm mixing. There are several columns in this iPad note. There is a column for a queue which is where you'll see numbers, sometimes in blue, sometimes in black, sometimes in orange and other colours. The queues and numbers, what I often do is use the number eight. So there are up to eight queues that you can have in Traktor, the DJ software, and the queues can be different categories. You can have a fade in, fade out, you can have a loop which is... So fade in and fade out are orange. You can have a loop which is green. You can have a standard queue which is blue. And I colour code those queues when I write the numbers in. Then there's the track name which gives me information about, well obviously the name of the track. Then there is LMH which stands for low, medium and high and these are dials that I have on the Traktor application, which allow me to filter down and up the low, medium and high frequencies on a given track. Then there is notes. Importantly you'll see that it's possible for me to list two tracks side by side and the reason for this is that I use this to help myself plan the different queues, the different sound levels as I'm mixing tracks in and out of each other. For example, in many cases the outgoing track will have fade out queue number eight which will be in orange and then the incoming track will have fade in queue number two which will be number two in orange. This tells me that when the outgoing track hits queue number eight I need to start the incoming track at queue number two and the accompanying LMH columns would tell me if I need to apply any special settings to those. If I put an X in the L column it means that column needs to be completely set at like minus 100 or whatever, it needs to be completely down. If I have an arrow on any of the columns it means it needs to be fading up. Sometimes I use the word kill not in the LMH but in the entire thing and that means basically I need to kill the track to which that applies, it means I need to cut all audio for that track. And basically what I'm looking to do, I wondered if you might be able to build me an application, a web application as an alternative to the iPad notes that I'm taking so that I can capture this track information. I must be able to see two tracks side by side, having it be quite compact would be very helpful but also still legible and being able for me to see all of the queuing information so that I can manage that alongside track tell whilst I'm using Traktor. Yeah so take a look through, feel free to ask me any questions that would help clarify how this works, incorporate your knowledge of best practice in DJ mixing as you see fit and see if you can make this for me.
